# Jason Rossi, Jrossi3
# https://github.com/Jrossi3/adventure
# I spent approximately 7 hours on this project.
# I tested my code through running the basic commands initially in the idle and then in the terminal. I would edit on idle, but then switched over to visual studio code and running on the terminal as that was the way it was going to be tested. I tested with any possible commands that could have been put in such as wrong directions like "go find" as this would not work. I tested to ensure the directions had to be in the exits to ensure the user could get between rooms properly. I did a lot of testing with go and get to ensure if they were to write "get " or "go ", I could have this covered with a response.
# There were no bugs I could not resolve. I managed to resolve every error that I encountered. 
# A difficult issue I faced was getting the ^D command to not exit the command and how this would affect the rest of the code. I solved it using an EOFERROR where I had multiple while loops so that the code would only quit out of the first while loop with the try except block, but not the second one. 
# The three extensions I chose to implement were the drop command, the help command, and the show/remove exits commands. The drop command drops an item from the inventory of the user and adds it to the item list of the current room they are in. The help command displays all of the available commands for the user to put as a proper input into the code. The show/remove exits commands show or remove the destinations of the exits that are listed. For instance, if the exits were "exits: north east" and north would go to a blue room and east to a red room, then after running "show exits", the code would show "Exits: \nnorth: blue room \neast: red room". When the command "remove exits" is run, then it would display what is displayed at the beginning: "exits: north east".
